my name is Letisha and I am 18
years old I attend college but
I don't really enjoy it or have any friends
I have always lived in Manchester but never
felt comfortable due to my anxiety I tend to spend
a lot of time on my own as my mum's always out at
work one day at College I was approached by two
girls who said they wanted
to be my friend and hang out
they seemed nice at first and bought me the
occasional can of Pop which I thought was kind
I started meeting up with them after college
and they introduced me to a group of
older boys that they said were their
friends one of the boys showed an interest in me
and he paid me compliments
which made me feel really
good the boy started buying me food and alcohol
whilst we were out I thought I finally had a
boyfriend and was happy then it all changed
he asked me to take an envelope to a nearby
address I asked him what was in it and he told
me that I owed him for everything he bought me
and I should just do it when I refused and
I said I was going home he grabbed me by my
arm and he threatened me he then took me to
a nearby flat and he told me to wait there